# Eurobot
Eurobot is a medium-frequency (5m) pairs trading bot for the United States equity market.
(Do NOT put money into this)

The bot has 2 system modes, Production ("P") and Research ("R"), which can be changed in config.py. 
Only use Production mode when live trading, and only use Research mode when researching and back testing.

## Structure
**config.py** 
  - Stores hyperparameters and current system mode.
<br>

**.env**
  - Stores Tiingo and Alpaca API keys.
<br>

**/bot** - *Live trading.*
  - eurobot.py
    - Handles signal generation for live trading.
  - execution_engine.py
    - Executes orders sent by eurobot.py.
  - flatten.py
    - Flattens all current positions.
  - live_stream.py
    - Ingests live data.
  - recalibrate.py
    - Generate up-to-date OU parameters for live trading.
<br>

**/data** - *Stores historical data.*
<br>
<br>

**/outputs** - *Stores ouputs from both research and production tests or processes.*
  - **/plots** - *Stores plots generated by the backtest.*
<br>

**/research** - *Research and backtesting.*
  - backtest_engine.py
    - Executes a backtest from and to specified dates.
  - data_ingestion.py
    - Ingests, santitizes, adjusts, and saves historical data.
  - db_logger.py
    - Saves backtest results to an SQL database.
  - math_engine.py
    - Generates OU parameters.
  - ou_parameter_fitting.ipynb
    - Calculates Kalman spread, runs math_engine.py, and saves the results.
  - run_backtest.py
    - Runs backtest_engine.py and stores the results.
  - selection_logic.ipynb
    - Finds cointegrated pairs from stocks in the same industry and sector.